Big Brother Naija housemates, Cee-C and Nina got into a heated quarrel. Cee-C called Nina a cheat for giving herself and her love interest Miracle, the biggest chunk of meat while sharing a meal. They exchanged some words with Cee-C saying that she would never talk to a girl like Nina outside the house, and Nina calling her short and fat. Miracle and other housemates stepped in to calm the heated argument, and  Nigerians have picked sides, with many going after Cee-C on Twitter. See their reactions below:  Ceec is a bully and this gotta stop biggie. We didn’t pay DSTV to watch someone bully others. Suicide is real. Ceec told Nina to kill herself. A lot of people are victims of bullying. Nina is dying inside and can’t speak up. We don’t want bullies in BBN #BBNaija — xlex (@xlex61499271) March 19, 2018  With the kind of behaviour Cee C is displaying, some people will see Cee C on the street after the show and they will legit beat her up  #BBNaija — SwankG #BBNaija (@Swankggee) March 19, 2018  If biggie can give dee one a strike for the small joke he made of kbrule then ceec should get a strike for telling Nina to go n kill herself #BBNaija — Team Mina (@TeamMina2) March 19, 2018  RT if you are tired of Cee-C and her nonsense. Let's know ourselves. #BBNaija pic.twitter.com/CdoReI4Dfg — Paul Mogbolu (@Iammisterpaul) March 20, 2018  Cee C: Nina you are a cheat, you didn't share the food equallyNina: Am warning you cee c don't call my nameCee C: Who are you to warn me? are you mad?, you are like my younger sisterIs that d reason you ppl are saying cee c should get a strike?? Nigerians nid help!!! #BBNaija — grace__n (@grace_nwaokobia) March 19, 2018  A certain housemate told a certain housemate that she is not up to her level,but that certain housemate borrows eyelashes,shoes from that same housemate she told shes not her level.. . ..That certain housemate posses a low self esteem  #BBNaija — Sardauna Anuadras#Tobi (@Meddivva) March 19, 2018  Kai Nina you will live long.Nina: CeeC if you are somebody,why are you here.Why did you bring yourself so low to my level to come for the money..Nina she is Mad don't mind her.That animals plan can not work.#BBNAIJA — CocoIrvan (@Coco00357580) March 19, 2018  #BBnaija did y'all see Ceec's face when Nina was all happy in the arena while training, she is coming for nina again watch the space. I cover you Nina with the blood of Jesus pic.twitter.com/wpRH1U1Hnt — King Joy  (@EZolanski) March 20, 2018 