Evicted Big Brother Naiha housemate, Ifu Enada just shared a touching story where she revealed that she was raped by someone in the intertainment industry back in 2016. According to her, ‘When I was in the Big Brother House emotions were raised when during a Truth or Dare game I said I’d not really had sex. People interpreted that as me claiming to be a Virgin’. Read the rest of her story below…  The truth is in 2016 I was raped by someone in the entertainment industry, before then I was a Virgin. This person also infected me with an STI… I was also threatened by this person and was very scared of social media’s bashing with the usual questions of “what was she wearing!” ” why did she go to his house ?”… so in all my sadness and depression I decided to tell the world what had happened to me using film as a medium.
I was inspired to write and produce my film – Tears of A Broken Virgin. I got a lot of help from social media – people volunteered to work for me free of charge even my director – Benny Atagame Alli Though some parts of my film is fiction, the bulk of it was inspired by my story. The lead character’s name is Ada which is a short form of my name Adanne- popularly pronounced as Ennada. Because of my sad experience I battled depression, developed trust issues and found it hard to connect with people especially men. I wanted to tell my story and also pass a strong message to rape victims and rapists…I hope I was able to do that with my film.
I intend to expand this into a feature length film. I hope everyone out there is inspired to stand up against rape. My Virginity Story; Rape & Depression When I was in the Big Brother House emotions were raised when during a Truth or Dare game I said I'd not really had sex. People interpreted that as me claiming to be a Virgin. The truth is in 2016 I was raped by someone in the entertainment industry, before then I was a Virgin. This person also infected me with an STI… I was also threatened by this person and was very scared of social media's bashing with the usual questions of "what was she wearing!" " why did she go to his house ?"… so in all my sadness and depression I decided to tell the world what had happened to me using film as a medium.  I was inspired to write and produce my film – Tears of A Broken Virgin. I got a lot of help from social media – people volunteered to work for me free of charge even my director – Benny Atagame Alli Though some parts of my film is fiction, the bulk of it was inspired by my story. The lead character's name is Ada which is a short form of my name Adanne- popularly pronounced as Ennada. Because of my sad experience I battled depression, developed trust issues and found it hard to connect with people especially men. I wanted to tell my story and also pass a strong message to rape victims and rapists…I hope I was able to do that with my film.  I intend to expand this into a feature length film. I hope everyone out there is inspired to stand up against rape. ———————————— You can watch the film using the link in my bio. A post shared by  Ifu Ennada- Iheme Faith Uloma (@ifuennada) on Mar 19, 2018 at 11:45pm PDT 