What can one choose as a solution to manage and cut weight? Some people prefer to avoid miscellaneous supplements be it either protein shakes or weight loss capsules. Other users, on the contrary, put a great deal of trust in versatile additives. However, the most effective approach to BMI regulation stipulates a combination of traditional and contemporary methods. The traditional one comprises dieting and exercising while the contemporary one means the intake of nutritional additives like the Yoli Shake review 2017. YES or NOT It is not the answer to a dilemma but the name of the products designed to substitute a wholesome meal. The YES shake is a rather popular solution according to numerous dedicated websites and ratings. However, do not hurry to say “yes” to this supplement and neglect other products on the market. Perhaps, it may hide significant pitfalls. Hence, it is time to gain insight into the shake. Content The content of any nutritional product is the initial point to start a review. Those who are not novices in the world of diet supplements know what is the principal nutrient in any meal replacement. It is the protein, of course. The shake under review contains a specialized formula called PuraWhey. Yoli claims that whey protein found in the shake is one-of-a-kind because comes from milk drawn from grass-fed cows. Certainly, this nutrient is not the only one. At the same time, they have marginal significance and are not characterized by weight loss effect. Still, some of them are known for potential adverse reactions associated with the gastrointestinal tract. Customer Opinion If you want the truth about a certain product, it is better to learn what customers think about it. As for the Yoli Shake, it is highly appreciated by consumers. Otherwise speaking, the largest share of feedback is positive. Yet, certain points are characterized by a high level of dissatisfaction. The bulk of complaints is referred to the pricing. Users consider that $100 more for 30 servings is too much for that solution. However, it is better to compare YES with its competitors to be more accurate in judgment. As for the second rated complaint, it is referred to the shake potency. Though we must admit that everything is not so evident. Users differ in opinion regarding hunger suppression properties of the supplement. Drawbacks can be revealed only on the back of advantages. The Yoli supplement can boast of a decent taste and natural content. Still, these characteristics are not the guarantee of weight loss efficiency. Verdict Before choosing an MR shake, you should realize that such category of supplements is not dietary to the full extent. They are used as an additive to nutrition based on exercising and dieting programs. The Yoli shake can reveal its potency if taken in a proper way. It means that the largest share of success relies upon how powerful your workouts and dieting efforts are. Besides, the presence of a decent number of negative reviews is a warning bell.